Responsibility and Copyright Disclaimer 

This web site contains data and information property of the author Alex Zhang.
Such data and information are subject to the following disclaimer 
for responsibility and copyright. 

Disclaimer notice 
The information contained in this site don't imply the responsibility of the author. 
Our purpose is to supply reliable scientific information to the members of the national and 
international scientific community and to whoever could be interested in them. However, if 
errors are brought to our attention it will be our care to correct them. Anyhow, the author
doesn't engage any responsibility for the site material content. This material is 
constituted by information of general character, result of specific researches, or data coming 
from the monitoring networks. It is not necessarily complete, accurate and updated. 
Sometimes it links to specific external sites that are not under the author‘s 
control and therefore the author is not responsible for the contents of any linked 
Web sites. 
Finally, this material is not intended for professional or legal use. 
Please note that it cannot be guaranteed that a document available on-line exactly reproduces 
an official text, therefore only the vision of the hard copy of the document distributed by the 
author is deemed authentic. It is our goal to minimise disruption caused by 
technical errors and we invite, therefore, the consumers to take all the possible preventive 
actions to avoid the problem. 
This disclaimer is not intended to avoid the obligations of the national laws, nor to exclude its 
liability for matters that may not be excluded under that law. 

Copyright 
The staff of the author provides information and data contained in this web-site.
All the rights of intellectual property related to these information and data are owed by the 
author and are under the protection of the present laws. 
Except where otherwise noted, all Database contents are: 
All rights reserved. 
Permission to copy or reproduce parts of the Database is granted subject to full 
acknowledgement of the source.
